README.md, before:

# The Forex Facts Web Application
.

Table of Contents
Overview
Features
Technologies Used
Deployment
Getting Started
Contributing
License

Overview
The purpose of The Forex Facts web application is to help users learn how to trade forex and direct them to a broker where they can sign up and subscribe to technical and fundamental education.

Features

The main feautures of this website Include
![The Home page of the forex facts website](./assets/images/Forex%20facts%20home%20page.png)
-On this home page users can read about forex and familarise themselves with frequently ask questions about Forex.
-There is an option for users to "Click here" which directs them to a forex broker where they can sign up and register an account.


![The Gallery page of the forex facts website](./assets/images/Forex%20Facts%20Gallery.png)
-The Gallery page includes an embedded youtube video I made on how to mark up a forex chart
-The audio/video controls are integrated within the youtube video.


![The Sign up page of the forex facts website](./assets/images/Forex%20Facts%20Sign%20Up.png)
- Here users can sign up by inputting their details.


Technologies Used
List the technologies used to build the web application (e.g. programming languages, frameworks, libraries, databases, etc.).

Deployment
Create a new repository on GitHub by clicking on the "New" button on the main page of your GitHub account. Give your repository a name, and select "Public" or "Private" depending on your preference.

Clone the repository to your local machine using a Git client such as the command line or a GUI application like GitHub Desktop.

Move all of your web application files into the local repository directory.

Create a new branch in your local repository using the following command in the terminal:

css
Copy code
git checkout -b gh-pages
This will create a new branch called gh-pages, which is a special branch that GitHub uses to host web content.

Commit your changes to the gh-pages branch and push them to GitHub using the following commands:

sql
Copy code
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git push origin gh-pages
This will push all of your changes to the gh-pages branch on GitHub.

Your web application should now be deployed to GitHub Pages. To view it, navigate to https://<username>.github.io/<repository-name>/, where <username> is your GitHub username, and <repository-name> is the name of your repository. If you have an index.html file in the root of your repository, it should be displayed automatically.

If you need to make changes to your web application, simply make the changes in your local repository, commit them to the gh-pages branch, and push them to GitHub using the same commands as before.

Note that the exact steps for deploying a web application on GitHub may vary depending on the tools and technologies you are using. For example, if you are using a static site generator like Jekyll or Hugo, you may need to configure your site to work with GitHub Pages. However, the general process outlined above should work for most web applications.
Explain how to deploy the web application. Include any configuration requirements or setup steps.

Getting Started
Provide instructions for users to set up the web application on their local machine for development or testing. Include any prerequisites and installation steps.

Contributing
Explain how others can contribute to the web application. Include guidelines for submitting bug reports or feature requests, contributing code, and the code review process.

License
Include the license under which the web application is distributed.

Commit message:

Completed website and read.me file, final commit and push

README.md, after:

# The Forex Facts Web Application
.

Table of Contents
Overview
Features
Technologies Used
Deployment
Getting Started
Contributing


Overview
The purpose of The Forex Facts web application is to help users learn how to trade forex and direct them to a broker where they can sign up and subscribe to technical and fundamental education.

Features

The main feautures of this website Include
![The Home page of the forex facts website](./assets/images/Forex%20facts%20home%20page.png)
-On this home page users can read about forex and familarise themselves with frequently ask questions about Forex.
-There is an option for users to "Click here" which directs them to a forex broker where they can sign up and register an account.


![The Gallery page of the forex facts website](./assets/images/Forex%20Facts%20Gallery.png)
-The Gallery page includes an embedded youtube video I made on how to mark up a forex chart
-The audio/video controls are integrated within the youtube video.


![The Sign up page of the forex facts website](./assets/images/Forex%20Facts%20Sign%20Up.png)
- Here users can sign up by inputting their details.


Technologies Used
HTML & CSS were the languages used to build this website.

-Deployment
Create a new repository on GitHub by clicking on the "New" button on the main page of your GitHub account. Give your repository a name, and select "Public" or "Private" depending on your preference.

Clone the repository to your local machine using a Git client such as the command line or a GUI application like GitHub Desktop.

Move all of your web application files into the local repository directory.

Create a new branch in your local repository using the following command in the terminal:

css
Copy code
git checkout -b gh-pages
This will create a new branch called gh-pages, which is a special branch that GitHub uses to host web content.

Commit your changes to the gh-pages branch and push them to GitHub using the following commands:

sql
Copy code
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git push origin gh-pages
This will push all of your changes to the gh-pages branch on GitHub.

Your web application should now be deployed to GitHub Pages. To view it, navigate to https://<username>.github.io/<repository-name>/, where <username> is your GitHub username, and <repository-name> is the name of your repository. If you have an index.html file in the root of your repository, it should be displayed automatically.

If you need to make changes to your web application, simply make the changes in your local repository, commit them to the gh-pages branch, and push them to GitHub using the same commands as before.

Note that the exact steps for deploying a web application on GitHub may vary depending on the tools and technologies you are using. For example, if you are using a static site generator like Jekyll or Hugo, you may need to configure your site to work with GitHub Pages. However, the general process outlined above should work for most web applications.
Explain how to deploy the web application. Include any configuration requirements or setup steps.

Getting Started
Provide instructions for users to set up the web application on their local machine for development or testing. Include any prerequisites and installation steps.

Contributing
Others can contribute to the further development of this webiste by sending email to piptoprofit@gmail.com regarding bug fixes or improvement ideas.
